name,name in the emulator,variable_type,unit,description,
,mod.floor1.Pfan,measurement,W,fan power in floor 1,
,mod.floor2.Pfan,measurement,W,fan power in floor 2,
,mod.floor3.Pfan,measurement,W,fan power in floor 3,
,mod.PChi,measurement,W,chiller power,
,mod.PPum,measurement,W,pump power,
zonetemp_f1z1,mod.floor1.Zon1.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 1 zone 1,
zonetemp_f1z2,mod.floor1.Zon2.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 1 zone 2,
zonetemp_f1z3,mod.floor1.Zon3.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 1 zone 3,
zonetemp_f1z4,mod.floor1.Zon4.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 1 zone 4,
zonetemp_f1z5,mod.floor1.Zon5.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 1 zone 5,
zonetemp_f2z1,mod.floor2.Zon1.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 2 zone 1,
zonetemp_f2z2,mod.floor2.Zon2.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 2 zone 2,
zonetemp_f2z3,mod.floor2.Zon3.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 2 zone 3,
zonetemp_f2z4,mod.floor2.Zon4.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 2 zone 4,
zonetemp_f2z5,mod.floor2.Zon5.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 2 zone 5,
zonetemp_f3z1,mod.floor3.Zon1.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 3 zone 1,
zonetemp_f3z2,mod.floor3.Zon2.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 3 zone 2,
zonetemp_f3z3,mod.floor3.Zon3.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 3 zone 3,
zonetemp_f3z4,mod.floor3.Zon4.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 3 zone 4,
zonetemp_f3z5,mod.floor3.Zon5.TRooAir,measurement,Kelvin,Zone temperature in floor 3 zone 5,
outside_temp,mod.TOutDryBul,measurement,Kelvin,Outside temperature,
zonedischargetemp_f1z1,mod.floor1.Zon1.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 1 zone 1,
zonedischargetemp_f1z2,mod.floor1.Zon2.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 1 zone 2,
zonedischargetemp_f1z3,mod.floor1.Zon3.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 1 zone 3,
zonedischargetemp_f1z4,mod.floor1.Zon4.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 1 zone 4,
zonedischargetemp_f1z5,mod.floor1.Zon5.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 1 zone 5,
zonedischargetemp_f2z1,mod.floor2.Zon1.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 2 zone 1,
zonedischargetemp_f2z2,mod.floor2.Zon2.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 2 zone 2,
zonedischargetemp_f2z3,mod.floor2.Zon3.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 2 zone 3,
zonedischargetemp_f2z4,mod.floor2.Zon4.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 2 zone 4,
zonedischargetemp_f2z5,mod.floor2.Zon5.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 2 zone 5,
zonedischargetemp_f3z1,mod.floor3.Zon1.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 3 zone 1,
zonedischargetemp_f3z2,mod.floor3.Zon2.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 3 zone 2,
zonedischargetemp_f3z3,mod.floor3.Zon3.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 3 zone 3,
zonedischargetemp_f3z4,mod.floor3.Zon4.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 3 zone 4,
zonedischargetemp_f3z5,mod.floor3.Zon5.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,Discharge temperature in floor 3 zone 5,
zoneflow_f1z1,mod.floor1.Zon1.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 1 zone 1,
zoneflow_f1z2,mod.floor1.Zon2.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 1 zone 2,
zoneflow_f1z3,mod.floor1.Zon3.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 1 zone 3,
zoneflow_f1z4,mod.floor1.Zon4.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 1 zone 4,
zoneflow_f1z5,mod.floor1.Zon5.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 1 zone 5,
zoneflow_f2z1,mod.floor2.Zon1.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 2 zone 1,
zoneflow_f2z2,mod.floor2.Zon2.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 2 zone 2,
zoneflow_f2z3,mod.floor2.Zon3.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 2 zone 3,
zoneflow_f2z4,mod.floor2.Zon4.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 2 zone 4,
zoneflow_f2z5,mod.floor2.Zon5.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 2 zone 5,
zoneflow_f3z1,mod.floor3.Zon1.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 3 zone 1,
zoneflow_f3z2,mod.floor3.Zon2.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 3 zone 2,
zoneflow_f3z3,mod.floor3.Zon3.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 3 zone 3,
zoneflow_f3z4,mod.floor3.Zon4.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 3 zone 4,
zoneflow_f3z5,mod.floor3.Zon5.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,zone flow in floor 3 zone 5,
ahusupplytemp_f3,mod.floor3.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU supply temp in floor 1,
ahusupplytemp_f2,mod.floor2.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU supply temp in floor 2,
ahusupplytemp_f1,mod.floor1.TSupAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU supply temp in floor 3,
ahumixedtemp_f3,mod.floor3.TMixAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU mixed temp in floor 1,
ahumixedtemp_f2,mod.floor3.TMixAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU mixed temp in floor 2,
ahumixedtemp_f1,mod.floor1.TMixAir,measurement,Kelvin,AHU mixed temp in floor 3,
ahureturntemp_f3,mod.floor3.TRetAir,measurement,Kelvin,Return temp in floor 1,
ahureturntemp_f2,mod.floor2.TRetAir,measurement,Kelvin,Return temp in floor 2,
ahureturntemp_f1,mod.floor1.TRetAir,measurement,Kelvin,Return temp in floor 3,
ahuflow_f1,mod.floor1.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,Total flow in floor 1,
ahuflow_f2,mod.floor2.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,Total flow in floor 2,
ahuflow_f3,mod.floor3.mSupAir,measurement,Kg/s,Total flow in floor 3,
set_ahudamper_f1,mod.floor1_aHU_con_oveMinOAFra_u,setpoint,none,AHU damper in floor 1,
set_ahudamper_f2,mod.floor1_aHU_con_oveMinOAFra_u,setpoint,none,AHU damper in floor 2,
set_ahudamper_f3,mod.floor1_aHU_con_oveMinOAFra_u,setpoint,none,AHU damper in floor 3,
set_zoneflow_f1z1,mod.floor1_Zon1_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 1 in floor 1,
set_zoneflow_f1z2,mod.floor1_Zon2_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 2 in floor 1,
set_zoneflow_f1z3,mod.floor1_Zon3_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 3 in floor 1,
set_zoneflow_f1z4,mod.floor1_Zon4_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 4 in floor 1,
set_zoneflow_f1z5,mod.floor1_Zon5_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 5 in floor 1,
set_zoneflow_f2z1,mod.floor2_Zon1_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 1 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f2z2,mod.floor2_Zon2_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 2 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f2z3,mod.floor2_Zon3_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 3 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f2z4,mod.floor2_Zon4_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 4 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f2z5,mod.floor2_Zon5_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 5 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f3z1,mod.floor3_Zon1_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 1 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f3z2,mod.floor3_Zon2_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 2 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f3z3,mod.floor3_Zon3_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 3 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f3z4,mod.floor3_Zon4_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 4 in floor 2,
set_zoneflow_f3z5,mod.floor3_Zon5_oveAirFloRat_u,setpoint,none,Air flow rate fraction for zone 5 in floor 2,
set_ahusupplytemp_f1,mod.floor1_aHU_con.oveTSetSupAir_u,setpoint,Kelvin,AHU supply temp setpoint in floor 1,
set_ahusupplytemp_f2,mod.floor2_aHU_con.oveTSetSupAir_u,setpoint,Kelvin,AHU supply temp setpoint in floor 2,
set_ahusupplytemp_f3,mod.floor3_aHU_con.oveTSetSupAir_u,setpoint,Kelvin,AHU supply temp setpoint in floor 3,
set_zonedischargetemp_f1z1,mod.floor1_Zon1_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 1 in floor 1,
set_zonedischargetemp_f1z2,mod.floor1_Zon2_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 2 in floor 1,
set_zonedischargetemp_f1z3,mod.floor1_Zon3_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 3 in floor 1,
set_zonedischargetemp_f1z4,mod.floor1_Zon4_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 4 in floor 1,
set_zonedischargetemp_f1z5,mod.floor1_Zon5_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 5 in floor 1,
set_zonedischargetemp_f2z1,mod.floor2_Zon1_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 1 in floor 2,
set_zonedischargetemp_f2z2,mod.floor2_Zon2_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 2 in floor 2,
set_zonedischargetemp_f2z3,mod.floor2_Zon3_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 3 in floor 2,
set_zonedischargetemp_f2z4,mod.floor2_Zon4_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 4 in floor 2,
set_zonedischargetemp_f2z5,mod.floor2_Zon5_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 5 in floor 2,
set_zonedischargetemp_f3z1,mod.floor3_Zon1_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 1 in floor 3,
set_zonedischargetemp_f3z2,mod.floor3_Zon2_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 2 in floor 3,
set_zonedischargetemp_f3z3,mod.floor3_Zon3_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 3 in floor 3,
set_zonedischargetemp_f3z4,mod.floor3_Zon4_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 4 in floor 3,
set_zonedischargetemp_f3z5,mod.floor3_Zon5_oveHeaOut,setpoint,none,Reheat valve position for zone 5 in floor 3,
